1873814 - foreman-proxy belongs to named group (#253)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/proc_configuring-dynamic-dns-update-with-tsig-authentication.adoc

# chmod -v 640 /etc/rndc.key
----

> . Normally, {foreman-installer} makes sure the `foreman-proxy` user belongs to `named` UNIX group, but in this specific configuration scenario management of the service is disabled therefore the group will not be assigned. Assign the user to the correct group manually:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.  Assign the `foreman-proxy` user to the `named` manually. Normally, {foreman-installer ensures that the `foreman-proxy` user belongs to the `named` UNIX group, however, in this scenario {Project} do not manage users and group, therefore you need to assign the `foreman-proxy` user to the `named` manually.
```
Start with statin an action that is required, then describe why.

> .  Assign the `foreman-proxy` user to the `named` manually. Normally, {foreman-installer ensures that the `foreman-proxy` user belongs to the `named` UNIX group, however, in this scenario {Project} do not manage users and group, therefore you need to assign the `foreman-proxy` user to the `named` manually.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.  Assign the `foreman-proxy` user to the `named` group manually. Normally, {foreman-installer} ensures that the `foreman-proxy` user belongs to the `named` UNIX group, however, in this scenario {Project} does not manage users and groups, therefore you need to assign the `foreman-proxy` user to the `named` group manually.
```

+
[options="nowrap"]
----

> # usermod -a -G named foreman-proxy

Reviewer 2: I've always used `gpasswd -a foreman-proxy named`. I started to use this because you can also use it to locally add a user to a group when the isn't managed locally, for example when it's in LDAP. Probably not an issue, but something that jumped out to me.
